---
id: welcome
title: Welcome
sidebar_label: Welcome
---

This website is a collection of what **I have learned as a computer science student** and from many hours of developing software in my free time.

When starting out learning to code I really had no idea where to start. I had many questions like: Which language should I learn? 

Why the f*** are there so many languages in the first place? What is the difference between web development and programming? and many many more!

When going through the sub-reddit IWantToLearn, you frequently find posts of people wanting to learn programming. And the answers are usually the same. 

Either they recommend websites like codecademy.com, freecodecamp.org (which is a great website) or they send you to some university's online courses 
for computer science. ‌ 

**How I see it, these are two very different ways of learning.**

Websites like freecodecamp.org and alike, make it so easy that you almost never run into any frustration while learning. 

Which is really nice while doing the exercises on their website. 

However, you do not actually process what is being taught and you will find that once you close the website you can hardly recollect what you have just learned.

I call this fast food learning as it reminds me of eating at a fast food restaurant. 

While you are at the restaurant the food tastes really good and you have the feeling that you had enough to eat. 

But once you leave the restaurant you kind of start to feel hungry again, like you never ate (learned) anything. 

The opposite of this are the university courses. 

They are surely dense with reliable information (which is awesome), but they just dump all of that onto you, presented in the most boring powerpoint presentations there are (why do universities always have the worst powerpoint presentations?). 

And then they basically say, good luck we don't care about you, since this is a free online course. 

This is the opposite of fast food learning and is extremely frustrating and most people are very likely to quit their attempt at learning to program very quickly.

I definitely did!

So this website is my attempt at finding the middle ground between these two types of learning. 

I will try to answer all the questions you have or at least many of them and most importantly I will introduce you step by step to the different concepts and tools you need to know. 

So please do yourself a favor and for now forget all the questions you have and everything you think you know.  

This will make it a lot easier for yourself.

